listen i remember watching the first one
back in the before times in a jam-packed
theater where if you
coughed her in the quiet parts everyone
would notice and now
you sniffle during the loudest action
sequences and everyone's ready to escort
you out
in my opinion if you're looking for a
crazy story that expands on the
creature's origins
i would say to wait for it as a renter
and i even believe paramount plus is
touting that they're going to have it
there but
to be honest if you do want that
cinematic experience and you want to
feel the full sound then i would give it
a junior price
while we don't get to learn what makes
the aliens tick we do get to see the
characters grow
and a bunch of action pieces that i do
believe deliver you know the truth is i
i had no intention of doing a sequel i
don't think
um anyone thought that there would be a
sequel this was never designed to be a
franchise
so while they keep saying that it's not
a sequel but a continuation
i will say it's still 16 out of my
pocket let
me explain so the metaphor of the first
one was clearly parenthood
so three weeks before i read the
original script by beck and woods
we had our second daughter emily had our
second daughter i was just there to
watch so he was really focused on that
idea of struggling to keep your kids
safe from the dangers of this world and
knowing that it's impossible to keep
that promise
and we see that with his character
sacrifice spoiler alert who are we
if we can't protect them and now he sees
this one as being the aftermath to that
of the kids having to grow up and do it
on their own and so they have to leave
the farm
venturing out farther than they've ever
had before so
technically it should be called the
quiet places the movie does actually
begin with a flashback to day number one
so that jon can get
those sweet residuals and we see them at
a baseball game where
something crazy starts falling from the
sky now have the kids aged more than
walt and aaron from lost
yeah but while it's fair to argue that
the scene was unnecessary
damn was it badass the reason that shot
is so awesome of blunt driving away from
a bus going 45 miles an hour
is because they shot blunt driving away
from a bus going 45 miles an hour
are you asking did i put a child that's
under 6 years old and a moving car that
had stuff flying at it yeah i did and
i'm probably going to jail for it
but the only thing we really learned
from the intro is that the aliens did
come from the sky and
landed in different countries and also
that krazynski knows how to shoot some
good long takes
the editing also does a fantastic job at
combining different scenes throughout
even match cutting to the present as it
forwards 474 days
right to the end of the last movie where
we see that they did kill the remaining
creatures that were approaching them
and damn looking back at the first and
realizing that it took place in 2020
and they really hit the nail on the heel
and i think if the first film
was almost like how do you avoid getting
cut i feel like the essence of this film
is oh my god how do we stop the bleeding
they venture away from the farm showing
you more feat than a tarantino movie on
their journey
and somehow they don't come across any
monsters or legos making them one of the
luckiest families
so one of them breaks a leg my life now
personally i think the bear trap scene
was
much better than the random nail that
was going up in the first but
porno is always forced to be the
quietest one in these movies they end up
meeting killian's character named emmett
who we had seen in the flashback scene
and he's become a full-out hermit
his wife has just recently died 28 days
later he's still keeping her body out
there in the warehouse
and there was a conversation in the
first about surviving versus thriving
something that the parents kept arguing
about
where lee always wanted to keep his
family safe first and foremost
but evelyn wanted her kids to not live
in fear so not only does she feel the
guilt now in this one
but you even see it in marcus's
character who refuses to let his sister
venture out because of that fear
and emmett amidst that one dude who
charges you for everything when you
spend the night
man is ready to kick out a single mother
a kid with a single leg and a baby who i
don't even believe has had a single meal
because he's so pro his own life
i don't know why he came all the way up
here there's nothing left
emily eventually convinces emmett to go
into the woods to find reagan after she
runs away looking for a radio signal
and he begrudgingly does so as he finds
this girl on the train
but interestingly enough the trailer for
old did play beforehand which stated the
body has decomposed
how quickly can that happen seven years
so i'm not exactly sure how they explain
some of these
bodies that are lying around or why
homegirl didn't snatch some shoes up but
we are also dealing with creatures that
are so extremely fast and yet
somehow the cast has better footwork
than javi bae is in this movie
always finding a way to make it out safe
reagan then becomes a symbol of hope as
she's the one who wants to help and
unite whatever other communities are out
there well
emmet has completely lost faith in
humanity he sees that by the same
message
as a trap and well he is kind of right
when they reach the docks they get duped
by the exact creepy people that he's
been warning them about
legit there were two scenes in this
movie where i squirmed one when it
looked like mcnairy's cannibal character
was gonna scoop millie
and when marcus took the oxygen from the
baby when he was trapped like
it had me double checking what the
rating on this movie was luckily
they've got an outline for the third so
they're all able to make it out as
krazynski gets in his spielberg bag with
the callbacks
even referencing jobs in the intro scene
with this pizza shop and i'm not gonna
lie
i thought the dive bit setup worked
they're able to escape and make it out
to an island where an entire community
is
making noise it turns out that while
water doesn't kill them since we did see
them dive into the water in the basement
scene in the first
it turns out that they can't swim so i'm
curious how island countries are faring
during all of this if a monster
hasn't landed there i'm curious how many
other people were able to make it out
since they explained that the government
did try to get more boats out to this
pacific island but
i mean you know people during a pandemic
y'all seen bird box you have lived in
only two boats made it out there most
people had finally given up hope
we end up meeting man on island who
shows them around as they change the
conversation about
surviving versus thriving to
determination versus necessity
i personally thought some of the scenes
were blocked awkwardly in this segment
but
it's because of how comfortable these
people have gotten on this island when
one of the monsters finally makes it to
their shore
via floating ship none of them are
prepared like we even see
man on island hiding his kid in a very
procedural way
as if it's something that they used to
do a lot before but it's been a minute
you know and it's that comfort that ends
up catching them all off guard
even when they make it to the radial
tower i hate that they had the dude
exposed right there for the taking but
it shows how much of a panic attack he
was having for leaving his family behind
and it's that fear that gets him killed
it definitely ratchets up the tension
and
you know they're not safe now again we
still know very little about these
aliens but we do know that all other
small animals supposedly no longer exist
in this world according to jon
we know that thematically these aliens
represent the fears of the world
whatever that may be to anybody
of being conscious of what noise or
words things you may say that can go out
into the world
with the risk of you being taken out not
knowing how to explain that danger to
your kids
and realizing that you may not have an
answer for it i know that drew goddard
who wrote cloverfield
gave krasinski advice on drafting up his
creature and it does at the end end up
looking like a mix of clovey
and the clickers with the sequel sorry
part 2 really giving off those naughty
dog vibes
we also got to mention that emmett's
brother works at a base meaning that we
may even get more info
if they ever reconnect in the future but
i'm so questioning how the government
hasn't figured out
what a 15 year old has in controlling
these creatures with sound waves
because remember they don't kill to eat
they just want to shut up the noise that
affects their sensitive hearing
which i also feel the rules haven't been
too clear yet and it does seem like
sometimes they cheat on what they
consider noise they have to figure out
which sounds are safe and which sounds
aren't safe
in the end blunton or two boys do live
to breathe another day
while reagan faces these aliens and rips
lee's approach
confronting them head on using her
earpiece to take them down
thus saving the day as it cuts to black
you know she's considered somebody with
a weakness and that idea of the weakness
becoming the weapon
the idea of the disability becoming the
answer yeah
it's just so powerful i love that so
cool um like the first
the fast endings continue to catch me
off guard but it does seem to be the
approach that john's been and is going
to be taking for future projects
revealing only little tidbits so you're
never ahead of the character or
no more than they do thus being able to
let the viewer put themselves into their
shoes
feet and contemplate what they would do
in that scenario greg daniels who
created the office i remember he said to
me one day he said your job is not to
deliver these lines funny your job is
just to deliver the lines
so i thought i'll just apply it to this
i'm i'm not making a scary movie
i'm just gonna make a movie about a
family and if their circumstances scare
you then i've done my job
i agree now when are we going to get the
baby's name thank you all for watching
this video in case you know your
thoughts down below in the comments
section
uh i did like the references to children
of men clearly that was a big
visual reference that they were going
for also even thematically obviously
since
they did decide to have a kid in this
world but i really also enjoyed the
mixing the
that they had where it was replicating
reagan's hearing i wish that they
actually
completely did those scenes from her
perspective and weren't cutting back and
forth because i thought that that would
have been a better way
to get into her head space but overall i
personally don't think it's better than
the first i think it's a
decent you know installment to this i
know that they're not calling it a
sequel
but it is the second in a trilogy
because they have already you know
worked out an outline for three
uh again no sequels but they have
mentioned even a spin-off where jeff
nichols who did midnight special is
supposed to be writing that
and it's just interesting you know going
back to the original script that they
had done where the writers
a lot of people thought that it was
going to be combined with cloverfield
and i remember the writer saying that
they didn't want to be swept into a
franchise because well i guess they
wanted to create their own and i mean
what's better than being able to run it
yourself i guess so
if you do want to watch this in theaters
i will note though that disney and
paramount they've like been fighting for
that dolby atmos spot
obviously disney wanted for the cruella
songs to be played on that
but i feel that uh while a quiet place
does have a lot more imax screenings
the sound mixing definitely should be
experienced in dolby you know i
either way i think you still get that
480p intro by krazynski thanking you for
coming out to the theater so
if you do catch into theaters let me
know if you notice the difference
between the imax and adobe
um but i'm curious to know your thoughts
down below for the paramount
intern slash bot all footage that i've
used is promotional
it comes from the press packs usually
doesn't matter because you all hit us
with the first one anyway but
i still enjoyed both of these movies i'm
looking forward to the third i'm curious
to know y'all thoughts down below in the
comment section
what did you like what didn't you like
what do you want to see who you'd be
interested to
enter this world as well but until next
time don't forget to comment like and
subscribe
and you too can become a franchise